added themes section TEDU-131 (#113)
mautic/user-documentation: docs/themes/code_mode.rst

.. vale off

Code mode
##########

.. vale on

Code Mode is an option available in the Email and Landing Page edit Form. It allows you to create/insert/edit your content in HTML code. It's helpful for situations where you don't want to use a Mautic Theme and you want to use an HTML Theme copied from a ``3rd`` party Theme builder or if you enjoy editing HTML code so much.

> With Mautic 2.3.0, Code Mode replaced the full-page Froala (WYSIWYG) editor that sometimes altered the HTML code. Code Mode won't modify any of the code you paste in. The other option to edit a page/email content is to use the Builder. It uses Froala editor only to edit the text/image content, not the full page, so that it won't modify the page layout.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Code mode won't modify any of the code you paste in. The other option to edit a page/email content is to use the Builder. It uses CKEditor only to edit the text/image content, not the full page, so that it won't modify the page layout.
```

I don't think that it is relevant nowadays to have reference to such an old version - especially as we don't use Froala any more (we use CKEditor now).

> Select the Code mode

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Select Code mode
```

********************

> After creating or editing the page/email, you can select the Code Mode from the Theme selector. To open the Code Mode Builder, click the Builder button after selecting the Code Mode Theme option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After creating or editing the Landing Page/Email, you can select code mode from the Theme selector. To open the code mode Builder, click the advanced tab which appears.
``` 

Please add a screenshot here to show how to work with the code mode builder (under the Advanced tab - this is new since 4.2 I think it was).

Limitations
===========

> If you use a Mautic Theme to create the page/email and you want to edit the HTML code of it in the Code Mode Builder, you can do so, but you can't switch back to the Theme again. Code Mode Builder requires editing of all content. Selecting a Theme refreshes the content to the default Theme HTML, so you'll lose your modifications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you use a Mautic Theme to create the Landing Page/Email and you want to edit the HTML code of it in the code mode Builder, you can do so, but you can't switch back to the Theme again. The code mode Builder requires editing of all content. Selecting a Theme replaces the content to the default Theme HTML, so you'll lose your modifications.  Instead, to make small code changes to the page once a theme is selected, it is recommended to use the code mode built into the GrapesJS builder.
```

Recommend adding a screenshot here of the GrapesJS code mode, and linking to the docs on the GrapesJS builder.

Author: <img width="1680" alt="Screenshot 2023-02-20 at 10 40 18 PM" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/46398983/220202223-744548c8-d1fd-442a-a73a-44bb8d7de4cd.png">
Do you mean this? @RCheesley

.. image:: images/theme-list.png
    :width: 600
    :alt: Screenshot of code mode
.. vale off

Edit the HTML content in the code mode Builder
==============================================

.. vale on

> In the Code Mode Builder, you can see the preview on the left and the HTML code editor on the right. As soon as a change is made to the code, the preview automatically updates every 10 seconds.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In code mode, you can see the HTML content in the text area. There is no preview at this time.
```
Recommend checking this in Mautic so you can review how this actually works now as the docs are out of date.

Mautic tokens
=============

> You can use the tokens in the Code Mode Builder when you type them directly. For example when you type ``{contactfield=firstname}`` or you can select them from the dropdown. The dropdown opens when you press ``CTRL`` + ``SPACE BAR``. You can type to search for the token you wish to insert.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use the tokens in the code mode Builder by typing them directly into your code. For example when you type ``{contactfield=firstname}`` or you can select them from the dropdown. The dropdown opens when you press ``CTRL`` + ``SPACE BAR``. You can type to search for the token you wish to insert.
```

I don't think that the dropdown actually happens now in the code mode advanced tab - please check this and confirm @favour-chibueze

.. image:: images/code-mode-builder.png
    :width: 600
    :alt: Screenshot of Code mode builder

Media manager
=============

> There is a button at the top of code area where you can open the Media Manager to upload and/or select an image or other file. When you select a file, the URL of that file appears at the cursor position. Use this to create links and ``IMG`` tags.

Reviewer: Is this the case currently? I think this is outdated documentation perhaps.

Code formatter
==============

> It might happen that your older Emails or Landing Pages appear as HTML code on one line or if you insert an HTML code with odd formatting, use the Format Code button. It automatically goes through the code and Format it so it's easier to navigate in it.

Reviewer: Is this still the case? I don't think that it is.
